Selector text doc (#248)
scrapy/parsel: docs/usage.rst

    >>> selector.css('title::text').get()
    'Example website'

> You can extract inner text without specifying ``::text`` in your selector instead
> an optional paramter text=True in the ``get()`` or ``getall()`` methods. 
> 
>     >>> selector.css('#images').get(text=True)
> 
> You can pass additional paramter ``guess_punct_space``, ``guess_layout`` and ``guess_layout``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To extract all text of one or more element and all their child elements, 
formatted as plain text taking into account HTML tags (e.g. ``<br/>`` is 
translated as a line break), set ``text=True`` in your call to 
:meth:`~Selector.get` or :meth:`~Selector.getall` instead of including 
``::text`` (CSS) or ``/text()`` (XPath) in your query: 

>>> selector.css('#images').get(text=True)
'Name: My image 1\nName: My image 2\nName: My image 3\nName: My image 4\nName: My image 5'

See :meth:`Selector.get` for additional parameters that you can use to change 
how the extracted plain text is formatted.
```

    >>> selector.css('title::text').get()
    'Example website'

Extract text witout ::text

> ==========================

Reviewer: There should not be a header here, it splits the existing content in a weird way (not everything from this point to the next header belongs to the header).

Reviewer 2: Heading has been removed

You can extract inner text without specifying ``::text`` in your selctor instead

> an optional paramter text=True in the ``get()`` or ``getall()`` methods. 

Reviewer: Please, review for typos.

Reviewer 2: Typos fixed

>     >>> selector.css('title').get(text=True)

Reviewer: Selecting the text of the `images` div may be a better illustration on how this is more powerful than `::text`:

```suggestion
    >>> selector.css('#images').get(text=True)
```

It should also be mentioned, before or after the example, how `text=True` is better than `::text`.

Reviewer 2: Changed
